1.) When a listing is created for a unit, also create a booking event setting for that unit. If the property booking event type was not initialized in the scheduling subsection, go ahead and create it.
2.) If listing becomes inactive, and if booking event type settings was creating from the listing, 'disable' the event booking type, and to turn on the booking, tell the user 'turning on this booking will turn on listing' would you like to do that?
3.) Each listing has its own id, in listings, ensure to display listing id for each listed item, and also, in booking event setting type, display the listing id that booking type is associated with so its easy to distinguish what booking types were created from listing, and what were manually created from 'create booking event type'
4.) When all units booking event type settings are deleted from property level booking event type settings, do not automatically delete the property level booking event settings
5.) In the pre-qualification section, do not say 'organization pre qualification templates' this is the only settings in the organization, its not a template, same with the property override, do not use the 'template' phrasing, just saying Property Pre-Qualification Settings. In the pre qualifications, we are not setting qualifications, only the questions.Also, pre-qualification should absorb the qualification set in the qualifications section and have saved questions to ask about those qualifications. Prop mgmt. can still ask more questions, though make it easy so users can link pre qualify questions to qualifications if they wish. There will be the option if its required to answer question, question is enabled, and if its a deal breaker if they do not answer. Add a preview button to view the form when making the questions
6.) Create a subsection under Leasing called 'Qualifications', similar 'Pre-Qualification', where you set the actual qualifications for the organization, and there is property overrides. Here you can define what is a deal breaker, or not if they do not meet. There is a scoring system aswell. Scoring system will allow property management to know what applicants fit the best by score and pure deal breaker